Klusterbox new version go live checklist

1. open filezilla or other ftp server. 

2. connect to klusterbox.com server space.

3. on the server side open the www folder and navigate to the downloads folder and open it. 

4. on the client side, navigate to the kb_install folder where the newest klusterbox version zip folder is located. The path should be C:\Users \toman \klusterbox \kb_install.

5. make sure the klusterbox zip file had the correct name convention e.g. klusterbox_v3.005_64bit.zip. That is "klusterbox_", version number and system type plus ".zip".

6. using the ftp server, drag and drop the newest klusterbox version from the client side to the server side. 

7. on the client side, navigate up and out of the kb_install folder. The klusterbox.py source code should be visible. 

8. using ftp drag and drop the klusterbox.py source code into the downloads folder on the server side. 

9. on the server side navigate out of the downlaods folder and into the www folder. The old download.html file should be visible.

10. on the client side navigate out of the klusterbox folder to the download.html page. the path is documents> klusterbox.com. The old download.html file should be visible. 

11. open pycharm or other html editor

12. in html editor, open the downloads page of klusterbox.com. this is located in documents> klusterbox.com> download.html

13. edit download.html for the following changes:
	a. update the version number on the headline
	b. change the sub header above the download button to reflect updated version number. 
	c. change the "a href=" link to point to the correct zip file in the downloads folder. 
	d. make sure the link for the klusterbox.py source code is correct in the text that links to it on the bottom of the download.html page. 

14. using ftp, drag and drop the download.html page from the client side to the server side. If prompted, opt to overwrite the old file. 

15. Open an internet browser and navigate to klusterbox.com/download.html to verify that the changes have been made to the:
	 a. headline
	b. sub headline
	c. download link
	d. source code link in the bottom text.


16. open windows powershell and navigate to documents> klustebox.com

17. update the git repo:
	a. git add . 
	b. git commit -m "update version"
	c. git push origin master

