
Klusterbox SpeedSheet Instructions

There are 2 types of SpeedSheets: 

   1. All Inclusive - allows both carrier and rings information to entered.
   2. Carrier - allows only carrier information to be entered. 
You can check the SpeedSheet before entering with:
   -- Pre-check
You can input the SpeedSheet into the database with:
   -- Input to Database
You can access generated/saved SpeedSheets with:
   -- Speedsheet Archive
You can empty/clear the speedsheet archive with:
   -- Clear Archive

Workflow:

   1. Set the investigation range you are investigating with Klusterbox main screen. 
   2. Go to 
      > Speedsheet > Generate All Inclusive (inludes carrier info and clock rings)
      or 
      > Speedsheet > Generate Carrier (includes only carrier info)
   3. 	a. enter new carriers
	b. edit existing carriers
	c. enter new clock rings
	d. edit existing clock rings
	e. delete unwanted clock rings
	f. carriers can not be deleted using SpeedSheets
   4. Save the file with the spreadsheet program.
   5. Check for errors with:
      > Speedsheet > Pre-check
   6. 	a. correct any errors and fatal errors
	b. ATTENTION notices do not have to be addressed.
   7. If corrections are necessary, return to and edit the saved SpeedSheet.
   8. Re-save the SpeedSheet if change are made. 
   9. Enter the information with: 
      > Speedsheet > Input to Database
   10. Close the SpeedSheet if no other edits are necessary. 
   11. The Klusterbox mainscreen should refresh to reflect the new information. 

SpeedSheet Organization:

The SpeedSheet Workbook is divided into tabs. 
   1. "by employee id" - sorting employees by employee id.
   2. "alphabetically" - sorting employees by name.
   3. "abc breakdown" - (optional) additional alphabetical tabs.

Each tab or sheet is divided into SpeedCells 

SpeedCells are divided into two parts:
   1. Carrier information - one row
   2. Clock Rings - one row per day (one or seven)

Carrier Information has six elements:
   1. Days: Only used if there is more than one List Status. Shows the start 
	of new List Statuses.
	possible values: "sat", "mon", "tue", "wed", "thu", "fri" 
	--> default is "none"
   2. Carrier Name: Mandatory field. This is a full last name and a first 
	initial or name, separated by a comma.
   3. List: The list which the carrier is on. Possible values: "otdl", 
	"odlr", "odln",  "wal", "nl", "aux", "ptf" --> default is "nl". Carriers 
	can have multiple List Statuses in the period of one week. Except for the 
	first List Status, Show the starting day of new List Statuses in the Days 
	column.
   4. NS Day: The Non Scheduled Day of the carrier. See "ns day preference" in
	the header. All ns days are consistent with the ns day preference. If
	you need to enter an ns day which is not consistent with the ns day 
	preference, then you need to preface the day with "r" for rotating or 
	"f" for fixed. 
	Possible Values: "sat", "mon", "tue", "wed", "thu", "fri" 
	--> default is "none"
	if rotating:
		"rsat", "rmon", "rtue", "rwed", "rthu", "rfri"
	if fixed: 
		"fsat", "fmon", "ftue", "fwed", "fthu", "ffri"
   5. Route/s: This is the carrier's route expressed as a four or five digit 
	number. The first and second digits express the zone (last two numbers
	of the zip code). The third and fourth, or third, fourth and fifth 
	numbers express the route. Three digits route numbers can only be used
	when the route number is over "99".
   6. Emp id: This is the employee's 8 digit id number. This is necessary to 
	sort carriers in the "by employee id" tab on the speedsheet. Otherwise, 
	carriers will be listed in the "alphabetically" tab.

   *. Carriers can not be deleted using speedsheets. 

Rings Information has 7 elements:
   1. Day: This is pre-entered by Klusterbox. Do not change this value. 
   2. 5200: This is a number from .01 to 24.00 which expresses hours worked 
	for the the day. The value can also be blank.
   3. MOVES: This is a set of three values. Two of the values are times and one
	is a route. These values will establish when, how long and where a carrier
	worked off their route. The correct order of the values depend on the Moves 	
	Notation - route first setting in SpeedSheet Configurations.
  
	If "route first" is True: First value is time off route, 
	second value is time when off route assignment ends, the third value
	is the number of the route expressed as four or five digits. Values are 
	separated by "+" and sets are separated by "/". 
	e.g. 14.52+15.88+0152/15.89+16.32+0155

	If "route first" is False: First value is the number of the route expressed 
	as four or five digits is time off route, the second value is time off route, 
	the third value is the time when off route assignment ends.
	. Values are separated by "+" and sets are separated by "/". 
	e.g. 0152+14.52+15.88/0155+15.89+16.32
   4. RS: This is a number from .01 to 24.00 which expresses the time the carrier 
	returns to the station. The value can also be blank.
   5. CODE: This is a code/note designating a special condition. Options for 
	codes vary depending on list. 
	if List Status is "wal" or "nl":
		"none", "ns day"
	if List Status is "otdl", "odlr", "odln", "aux", or "ptf":
		"none", "no call", "light", "sch chg", "annual", "sick", "excused"
   6. LV type: This expresses the type of any paid leave for the day. Can be 
	left blank if not used. Possible values:  "none", "annual", "sick", 
	"holiday", "other". This is used in conjunction with LV time. 
   7. LV time:This is a number from .01 to 8.00 which expresses hours of paid 
	leave. The value can also be blank. This is used in conjunction with
	leave type. 

   *. A rings record can be deleted by deleting values for 5200, LV time and CODES. 

